Liss so with the nun coming out it's the
perfect time to revisit one of these
scariest franchise out there and thanks
the Skillshare I went back and freaked
myself out watching all of them just to
bring you this recap because when you
really think about it they've kind of
been treating the nun like that daniels
of this universe they hint her here at
there she's got some after credit scenes
and they're just waiting for her to get
her own movie so whether you see this as
the nun series the conjuring series
Annabelle since that's what's on the DVD
collection or James wons greatest
franchise I'm gonna break down
everything you need to know before you
go see let me explain so there's five
movies in this universe so far and this
is the order that they were released in
but I will cover them in chronological
order and first off would be the nun
aha the whole spoiler video for her a
bit just to get the gist of it this is
the first one that takes place in 1952
it uncovers the story of Bala who
appears as the nun after a murder that
takes place in this nunnery which
actually stars taissa farmiga which if
you haven't made the connection there's
another Farmiga in this universe who's
also famous so one's already hinted at a
sequel for the nun that could connect
back to the conjuring two and Lorraine's
story so it's gonna be interesting to
see how all of that fits in but we just
gonna have to wait and see next up would
be a de Bell creation which which is
about Annabelle's creation in 1943 we
followed this dude who carves dolls for
a living and he's actually working on
the Annabelle doll when they get stuck
on the side of the road guy drops a bolt
his daughter is nuts enough to get it
and she dead parents try to contact the
spirits to bring the daughter back and
there is so desperate they invite this
entity they're speaking to to come into
the doll it takes her daughter's name
Annabelle and why they think they're
seeing glimpses of their daughter it
ends up having this massive growth spurt
that reveals that the demon just screwed
them over it takes out the moms eye and
they end up having to art Kelly the doll
in the closet which they cover up
completely in Bible pages I'm telling
you demons are trolls 1995 years later
they end up opening their house as an
orphanage because they feel bad for the
things that they've done and they only
have one rule don't open the daughters
locked room they open the daughters
locked room it's interesting to see that
the nun who's taking care of the orphans
who they bring in that she was actually
in the same nunnery in the same year
that the
is set to take place and there none
actually appears in that picture that
she carries with her because she's so
busy playing show-and-tell they don't
even pay attention to the little girl
playing Marco Polo with the demon after
she opens the door and unleashes it and
even gets treated like Wiley coyote
Annabelle throws up in her mouth takes
over her body so she can now walk
there's some Wizarding with the
Scarecrow's even turns his guy's fingers
into those dumb minions from Spy Kids
but by the end of it she's able to
Shawshank her way out of this place the
police arrive confiscate the Annabelle
doll which mind you is getting the
easiest paychecks cuz she don't do
anything and we see the possessed Janus
run away to another orphanage she's
changed her name to Annabelle gets
adopted runs away again when she's older
to join a devil cult and recruits a boy
toy to help her murder her parents for
the ritual before the movie ends after
credits and shows the nun in 1952 to win
a cat walk towards the camera cuz I'm
telling you she's Thanos so Annabelle is
easily the worst of the franchise in my
opinion so far it came out before
Annabelle creation which luckily helped
kind of fix it because it takes place in
1967 and it follows his pregnant couple
who just moved into this house and the
husband surprises his wife by getting
her a brand new porcelain doll for her
collection of porcelain why would you
encourage this one day they wake up to
hear the neighbors getting murdered
since that that's what happened in the
last movie obviously they haven't seen
Annabelle creation because it's not out
yet for them so they don't know that
this killer girl is possessed and was in
a cult
so when she sneaks up on dumb they
quickly call the cops who arrived but
just after she pulls the Chucky and
transfers the demon back into this doll
portal just getting used it is
interesting to note that the real-life
Annabelle doll was actually a possessed
Raggedy Ann doll that's that's where the
name comes from but obviously in order
to keep it scary for the franchise they
they decided on this over the next few
days they decide to move into an
apartment complex because weird things
are still happening and now they got a
baby
unbeknownst to them they're just
bringing the demon with them since the
demon is Annabelle the mom figures it
out by researching the cult and realizes
that the only way to stop it is by
sacrificing yourself but then a neighbor
comes in and is like yo I want to get
out of this movie it's Dookie
I still feel bad for accidentally
killing my daughter in a car crash and
sacrifices herself instead they live
happily ever after with her 29 percent
rating the doll ends up in an antique
shop where a mom randomly buys it for
her daughter who's in college trying to
become a nurse why though
one year has passed since the Annabelle
incidents and that college kid seeks
help from the wardens to take away this
possessed doll it also to help her mom
pick better gifts so this movie ends up
being the one that kicks it all off
right this was the first one that was
released and it tells the story the
real-life story I've had in Lorraine
Warren Lorraine is a clairvoyant meaning
that she has spidey-senses but for
ghosts while Edie has a degree in
demonology so take that mom liberal arts
isn't the worst degree there are these
world renowned demon hunters we even
have an O J's sized memorabilia
collection of possessed items which of
course is right next door to their
kitchen but it's a 1971 years later in
Rhode Island that we get this incidence
of a family who moves into a house that
they bought from the bank and they
should have known right away when their
dog didn't want to go in but something
was up
obviously you believe it to the youngest
to find this creepy possessed music box
out in the front you'll find a secret
cellar in the basement that was blocked
out and if raising five dollars wasn't
scary enough for the father they also
played this creepy clap game that's just
asking for you to be scooped that's why
they run into the demon The Witch and
the Wardrobe after one pulls a Wes
Anderson and kills the dog the little
girls get really spooked because they're
getting haunted in their sleep obviously
Ramona's getting haunted in their sleep
and these ghosts like I said are just
trolling them but I must say this right
here sorry and people hear a piano
playing and for whatever reason walk
into a dark basement us cartoons we'll
see a light flicker because the bulb is
actually just done and we'll book an
Airbnb for a month
ghost was like bet demon hits her with
the meme review which causes them to get
extremely spooked so who they gonna call
not them that they they haven't formed
yet these two show up instead
and since Lorraine plays Luigi's Mansion
on expert she right away senses the
demon and tries to understand it it
turns out that a witch used to own this
land back in the crucible times and
since they were out together she
sacrificed her weak old son as a ritual
before hanging herself from then
everyone who moves into this place gets
cursed and would end up killing
themselves that's why the mom ends up
getting possessed by Bathsheba because
the pattern is which has is to control
mother's and force them to kill their
own children as a sacrifice that means
that Ed's got a pull of Michael Cera and
pretend to know what he's doing because
he's about to pull off his first
exorcism which again I had to say this
I'm sorry I love my wife eternally but I
don't know if I could ever sleep in the
same bed with her after this I'll pick
up her vomit I'll wipe her booty when
she gets too old but this I don't know
of course they're able to stop the mom
from killing her child they hug it out
like it's the day after the purge and
nothing has happened and everything's
all fine and dandy until they conjure up
something else
so it turns out the Warrens actually
we're involved with the Amityville case
which I'm sure many have seen and the
only reason they're not making a movie
is because there's already been 666 of
them so they decided to just focus on it
for the intro girl that's me at the DMV
I was hinted in the first movie that
Lorraine kind of carries things with her
from every case that they do and the one
that keeps appearing now is the creepy
nun she repeatedly gets premonitions and
even sketches a doodlebop of her and in
one scene she attacks while everything
is shaking bra unless I'm living in
California none of my crap should be
shaking they go to England since
Felicity Jones jr. is being possessed
overseas this little girl hangs out with
middle schoolers who smoke a pack a day
she's making her own Ouija boards she
starts speaking like those kids I'm
musically who pretend like they're
acting but again like I've been saying
these demons are goofy like they can
levitate through stuff and instead do
things like this even with the mom who
doesn't believe in them at all right any
other movie would I dragged it out so
she's oblivious nope they straight up
have the mom questioning whether she
should have taken that ambien and their
complete rolls because even when they
cops show up they don't care they're
seeking more attention than Hannah Baker
these demons acting worse than Buch but
because there's so many weird things
going on and you can actually search
this up because there's real footage of
it there's skeptics who interview them
which you know the girl does kind of
sound like she's trying out for
Christian Bale's Batman but you could
also be possessed
I don't know how quickly smoking a pack
a day hits you while professor poopy
pants thinks the girl is faking it he's
able to conjure up a name which is Bill
Wilkins
the guy who previously lived in this
house and died in that same couch and
that's why he's possessing it which bro
I'm telling you these scariest parts in
movies are when you don't even notice
that there's people sitting there in the
background that always creeps me out the
most even though he's supposed to be the
main demon we also get a look at the
crooked man who appears
like a Tim Burton movie character oh
really like the caterpillar from James
and the Giant Peach walking all stilted
I get that he's making a cameo in this
movie because they want to pitch the
idea of yet another spin-off but the
dude ain't scary how you gonna be scared
of a ghoul with glasses man can
transform and do all these creepy things
but he doesn't have 20/20 vision the
warnings arrived just in time to be two
weeks late and Ed just has a casual
conversation with this demon that's
because you're dead if your family did
live here they're long gone now
man's yelling at this entity like a
principal does a child but it turns out
that the big twist is that the nun who's
been appearing to Lorraine is actually
manipulating bill Wilkins into
manipulating the family showing that
even in the afterlife you're gonna get
used Lauraine then realizes that all she
has to do was say the demon's name which
was actually plastered all over the
place throughout the movie as an easter
egg and then she can banish it say my
name god damn right they take it down
the rest of them live happily ever after
till the girl dies in the exact same
chair and the Warrens add yet another
creepy thing to their collection as they
get ready for the third movie and the
fourth and the fifth and the so thank
you guys for watching this video and a
big things to Skillshare a lot of you
always ask about how we make these
videos how did we learn to make them and
honestly we've learned half of our video
techniques and stuff and editing online
like 95% of it through tutorials and
templates and we even took a course on
Skillshare for After Effects for this
video so I will always recommend going
to school obviously you know less than
$10 a month for full classes run by
professionals to improve your skills but
as like the best tuition you can ask for
there's over 17,000 courses including
editing one for premier cinematography
and for the first 500 people to sign up
with the links below you'll get two
months of Skillshare premium for free
you can create your own YouTube channel
and create your own short film with
these skills you can finally learn how
to cook as well but like I said the
first 500 to sign up with the LME link
will have access to it from mobile
online offline and it's honestly one of
the best ways to learn so check that out
and also let me know your thoughts on
this franchise is there a better mod
horror franchise out there what are your
theories for the none future sequels how
many times did you change your pants
watching it one of the things I actually
liked the most about this is I'm a big
fan of the Annabelle 2 creator like he's
got a YouTube channel I gotta go check
it out he had started off when he was 30
years old and he was still making short
films with his wife he was posting on
YouTube and then producers saw it it got
picked up it became this feature right
here which did really well the he that
got picked to make Annabelle - which he
clearly fixed and was a success and now
my man who is still making YouTube
videos at the age of 30 is now making
one of the biggest DC movies that people
are actually looking forward to so it
just shows you you can learn things on
your own right Warner Bros even had a
short film contest not too long ago that
was open for anyone to make a short film
that would fit into the conjuring
mythology and what one was this YouTube
short called the nurse so it's like you
don't have to sell your soul to make it
you could just use Skillshare to share
your skills definite let me know your
thoughts on this franchise don't forget
to share share share and share this
video or the nun will come after you